---
title: 2026-04-09-hobby
description: "Letter H, Hobby"
date: 2026-04-09T20:49:17-06:00
preview: ""
draft: false
tags: ["blog-challenge","AtoZ"]
categories: ["writing", "fun"]
---

## H is for Hobby

Im back stealing topics from the main site! From [them](http://www.a-to-zchallenge.com/2026/04/h-for-hobby.html):

> Is blogging a full-time job for you? Something you do on the side, in addition to your full-time job? Or is it just a hobby,something you do for giggles? My guess is that, regardless of why you do it, you want to do it well. Based on everything I've seen, you are living up to that standard. Keep it up!

Blogging is a hobby for me. I would love to do it as a full time job if I could figure out a niche. For awhile I really wanted to
start a podcast that went into the different fediverse technologies that were coming up, including the things I see a nostr. As I have
a passion for open source and decentralized technologies. Which I realize isn't everyones focus but I would love to share those topics
with others.

Even with all the LLM stuff going on, I find some of the use cases fascinating. I don't love the hype
cycle and I don't love the downstream environmental effects (im excited once we get good models on IoT (and not built for skynet levels of evil)),
but I do think that user experiences could be better on the web. Even when I was doing my own startup gig at Compliable. One of the reasons me and
my co-founder created that software was to make it easier for people to just fill out forms. Because the online gaming space, at least for people
having to get licensed was an awful redundant experience of filling your name out across 5-10 forms per person.

So that is all to say, I would love to get more into a blogging and speaking space for the technological trends that are taking off. Heh, its hard
not to be envious. You get to talk about things your passionate about. Who wouldn't love doing that full time. Creative people doing creative things
and all doing our best to raise each other up, one postgres post at a time.
