---
title: 2026-04-13-lazy
description: "Letter L, Lazy"
date: 2026-04-13T20:43:21-06:00
preview: ""
draft: false
tags: ["blog-challenge","AtoZ"]
categories: ["writing", "fun"]
---

## L is for Lazy

Every now and then I remember a conversation I had with an friend and old coworker. Where, at the time, I was
going on about some framework or programming thing. He had mentioned that not only he didn't like programming
but that he was lazy. In that he found a way for a method to work and yeah, that was good enough. He didn't
pollute his life with over work, and worked hard at not working.

At the time I was floored. More to the fact, I believed, that programmers main skill was to not be lazy. That
our primary core was to continue absorbing the endless content of the web. Take all of it, find new tactics,
libraries or anything, to make our own coding worlds better.

But lately, with so much of my professional work being AI. Ive come to realize, that spending almost 20 years
of endless saw sharpening was probably a poor use of time. I just never saw LLMs getting nearly as good as they
have gotten and idk, think im just having some feels at this point.

I remember feeling hurt when my friend had said that he didn't really like programming. Because, honestly he
is a great coder. It hurt that someone could code so well and not care as much as me. I really love/d to code
by hand. To really think about large complex distributed systems and nerd out.

But, yeah, its been a tough year for that. Even though I do like some of the AI outputs (depending on model).
Most of the code ive seen is functional, but meh.

What I will say, because I feel like this post is becoming a little bit of a bummer. I've taken more swings at
coding projects I never thought I had the time for. Ive spun them up, reviewed the code and been excited that
I probably could have done the work, if id had the time. Kinda wild.
